- [Instructor] Finally, let's build out
a delete endpoint to delete an existing document in MongoDB.
Let's open up IntelliJ,
and then create a new public method.
This time, let's return a mono that admits a Boolean.
The Boolean will indicate if the deletion
was successful or not.
Let's name the method deleteReservation.
Now, let's add in a delete mapping annotation,
and then let's pass in roomId as path.
Now, let's add a string variable to the method,
and let's name it roomId.
Let's add in the path variable annotation.
Then, let's go up to our updatePrice method,
copy the return statement,
then let's replace that string with the value true.
Okay, now, let's test out our delete endpoint.
Let's open up the Run window
and restart the application.
Now, let's open up Postman.
Let's create a new tab.
Let's head back to the tab containing our update request,
and let's copy that URI.
Let's go back to the tab for our delete request
and paste in the URI.
And then let's change the verb to delete.
Now, let's test it out.
Looks good, we got 200 OK,
and the Boolean value true.